# DayZ-Character-Bio
DayZ Lore split off from the ARMAverse and never
 really developed. Many DayZ community servers 
encourage their players to make some kind of 
character bio.



Name: Sunny

Nickname: Sunwai 

Nationality: American

Bio: I was A Marine... so was my father and his father and his father’s father. We grew up watching the news. Fear of nuclear war and disgust of constant insurgency in Europe. My grandfather had always been particularly worried almost paranoid of the use and development of telepathy by the Soviet Union. I grew up to laughing at him and his slight episodes of... quiet... blank... dead stare as if had experienced something mind blowing during his time as embassy duty in Cambodia. He was evacuated in 1975 due to the Civil war going on there at the time. The war led to the take over by Communist regime Khmer Rouge who was bent on creating a Cambodian “master race”. My grandfather was actually in a hospital when he was near by before he was evacuated. A angry local threw a Soviet designed grenade into a local bar. My grandfather was under the influence of a lot of drugs (brought into the area by drafted army personnel) at the time and never found out how long he was unconscious. I remember the things he use to say. “Can’t you see!? It’s the same thing the Nazis were doing to Europeans and the wounded military in the 1940’s! Experimenting and testing the boundaries of our minds and bodies son! Two million Cambodians dead because of their Phycological warfare!” i was signed up as a Psychological operations Marine not by choice but as a sick joke by my recruiter after telling him the stories of my grandfather’s conspiracy theories on the Soviet Union. I eventually ended up in the 27th Marine Expeditionary unit in 2010. Soon after that I had been attached to a Naval Crime Scene investigation unit that worked along side the 27th MEU. I was flown away from my nice duty station in the Mediterranean to the north-eastern province of South Zagoris. A increase in the work load after team Razor captured the leader of the Chedaki rebels. It was a crisis dead bodies were being found left and right. I didn’t do much of my actual job there just constant auditing of past reports and examinations on every single casualty in the area. I say we like there were more Psychological Operations Marines there. Let me be more clear. I was the only one from my section there other than NCIS but they were always busy doing recon on newly discovered “incidents” with some of the locals. Along with me was a couple Royal Marines Bulldog and Raz... they both committed suicide on a mountain while we were hunting for food a year ago. It was some kinda agreement they had. There was a fourth but he disappeared after the obvious zombie infection was exposed. His name was Ramesh. He gave me my nickname “Sunwai”. In Hindu it means “the hearing”. He named me that because I would never look at the bodies we examined. I used my hearing instead. The sound of the cold hard hand flopping to the ground thumbed louder the more fresh the body was. In fact it really didn’t do much good for me to examine with my eyes. There were constantly hurting Shortly after reaching the NCIS headquarters (previously a courtyard surrounded by a square of local homes and businesses that became more vacant the more bodies we counted outside the town). I developed a auto immune disease. Essentially I have arthritis in my eyes. My white blood cells are so active and abundant due to genetics past down from my grandfather. Without medication I would go blind in 4 months and be in a lot of pain. Anyway come to find out NCIS wasn’t actually NCIS. They were clean up crew and we were responsible for making their reports looks just fine. Everything wasn’t fine though! It was all a lie and it’s what put us in the situation we are in now. Completely cut off from society. Why didn’t they tell anyone 
about this!? please if you hear this recording. Help. They left us here because we are sick!! We are all sick HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH! 
“MY EYES!!!!!” “MAKE IT STOP!!!”
*twitching noises and crying*
